Roboclaw docs (#2990)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/releases/main.md

- TBD

### Rover 

> - [Aion R1](../frames_rover/aion_r1.md)<Badge text="Experimental" type="warning"/>: Introducing the Aion R1, a new differential drive rover. This release includes build instructions and support for the Aion R1, along with information about integrating the Roboclaw motor controller.

Reviewer: Thanks very much. Generally therelease notes refer to the PX4 feature, which in this case is the ESC driver - right? So I've inverted this a bit to refer to the change and then point to the docs. Feel free to iterate.

```suggestion
- [Aion R1](../frames_rover/aion_r1.md)<Badge text="Experimental" type="warning"/>: ESC Driver for Roboclaw motor controller. This comes with build instructions and support for the Aion R1, a new differential drive rover, along with information about integrating the Roboclaw motor controller.
```
